Dear students, you will start your 2nd Hackathon tomorrow, Wed 24/07/24

TOPIC OF THE HACKATHON
backend with Node.js and PostgreSQL, frontend with static files or EJS templates.
The project should solve one of the following topics:
	Reduce stress and anxiety.
	Fitness and diet strategies.
	Budget Management.

ABOUT THE HACKATHON
1. Duration: The hackathon starts tomorrow, Wed 24/07, until Sunday 28/07.
2. You should work in a group of maximum 2 people. You can also do the project alone if you want, but we STRONGLY recommend you to work in pairs.
3. You need to use the topics we 've learn so far.

BEFORE THE START OF THE HACKATHON
1. Read the steps of the hackathon - they are all written in the platform of this week day5 in the page "Some Advice For The Hackathon"

2. MANDATORY - create a Github repository and use Github branches. You need to create a new branch for each new feature.  Add 
@Diana Gureev
 as collaborator. Look for DiGureev.

3. Write down the name of the group, the name of the participants and the details of your project on the Google Document here (scroll down to find your cohort #2 hackathon):
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1agdonQgTBvNZdDnUGKqwUxLcENfoBztLDzkgUyyq22g/edit?gid=1444260098#gid=1444260098

4. Your projects needs to be validated before you start working on it.

Tomorrow morning, Send a message by Slack to me 
@Ziv Chen
 that explains the details of the features you want to implement and how you want to implement them.
You can start working in the project after it is validated.
On Thursday until 6PM you need to have in the google sheet the following links:
	github repository
	2min video showing your screen and explaining how your project works (you can use loom.com)

5. You will present your project to the class, on Sunday 28/07 from 15:00 to 16:30 --> 
@Diana Gureev
 will evaluate your projects and choose a winner.

I am super excited to see your projects!
Please fell free to contact me if you have any concern or questions


Good luck!

